Unzip files from Planet Source Code and view the project inside: select Unzip from the Tools Menu.
Read Me files from Planet Source Code are accessible from the browser form as long as the file exists in the source path.
Drag a VBP onto the MDI Form and the program will try to read and load the project.
Drag a VBG onto the MDI Form and the program will try to read the project group and load any projects found.
Drag a Zip onto the MDI Form and the program will try to load it into the Unzip Form.
Make a Resource file with a Compiled Manifest inside to attach to a project and gain XP Themes without a manifest companion file for the program's executable: select Manifest Resource Maker from the Tools Menu.
Copy a project and its new directory will only contain the actual files referenced in the VBP including Help and Resource Files: select Copy Project from Project Explorer Pop-Up Menu.
Copy a project source file to a folder of your choice: select Copy File from the Project Explorer Pop-Up Menu.
Search a project for a word or phrase with the Mini Search VBP function: when in a Browser Form, Press Ctrl+I.
Make a VBP load into the program's history list when you drag it onto the MDI.
Manage the VBP references loaded into the MDI File menu with the Manage VBP History function: select this from the Tools Menu.
Get Context Help pressing F1 when any forms are open.  Most forms have their own help available.
Open a loaded project's containing folder from the project explorer pop-up menu: select Open \ Containing Folder from the Project Explorer Pop-Up Menu.
Open a loaded project file into a text editor from the project explorer pop-up menu: select Open \ Into Text Editor from the Project Explorer Pop-Up Menu.
Open a loaded project into a Visual Basic IDE (VB5 or VB6): select Open \ Into VB[5/6] IDE from the Project Explorer Pop-Up Menu.
Get a quick report of a loaded project including number of files, lines and total size of all files: select Reports \ Project Report from the Project Explorer Pop-Up Menu.
Get a quick report of a loaded source file including method list, line count and number of Constants / APIs declared: click the Class Report button on the Browser Form Toolbar (no. 8 from left).
Copy a method in the Class Explorer: select Copy Method from the Class Explorer Pop-Up Menu.
Copy the signature of a method in the Class Explorer: select Copy Signature from Class Explorer Pop-Up Menu.
Generate an Interface to a source file loaded into the Class Explorer: right click the browser form info pane and select Interface from the Pop-Up Menu and then choose whether to include all methods and members or just those that are exposed.
Browse back and forth between the methods and members of a source file that you have visited.
Get a quick report of all the API declarations in the project.
Paste some code into a Viewer, click the Colourise button; the members and methods found will be loaded into the Class Explorer.
Save the Text in the Viewer to HTML: with coloured text in the Browser Form viewer, click the Save To HTML button on the Toolbar (no. 10 from left).
Save the Text in the Viewer to RTF: with coloured text in the Browser Form viewer, click the Save To RTF button on the Toolbar (no. 9 from left).
Split the code viewer in two.
Hide the panels in the browser form so that only the code viewer is visible.
Configure the Syntax Colouring used in the code viewer: Tools \ Options, select Syntax Colours tab.
Hide / Show hidden VB Attributes describing methods and members.
Include Line Numbering when viewing any code.
Zoom the Font Size displayed in the viewer by scrolling the Font Size Combo Box Value.
Change the Font that is being used in the code viewer on the fly.
Print the text in the code viewer maintaining syntax colouring in the output.
View the number of lines within a project source file loaded into the Class Explorer.
View the number of lines within a project source file member loaded and selected into the Class Explorer.
Configure the program to delete the contents of the Unzip folder when the it closes.
Configure the location of VB IDEs: select Tools \ Options, and select Project Menu tab.
Configure a program to act as a text editor for reading the plain text of a source file: select Tools \ Options, and select Project Menu tab.
Configure the program to automatically extract Zip files dragged onto the MDI Form: select Tools \ Options, and select Unzip tab.
Generate Select Case statement for an Enumerator showing in the Class Explorer: select the Name node of the Enumerator and drag to another Editor.
Copy an API Declaration from the Class Explorer: select the Name node of the API, right click and select Copy Signature, the declaration will be copied to the Clipboard for pasting where-ever.
Make the browser form code viewer's text Bold: check the Bold check box, the next time the viewer loads new code its text will be bold.
Link to a project downloaded from Planet Source Code: select the Info button on the browser form Toolbar (11th from left).  On the PSC Read Me form, click the link label below the project's description.
View two methods in the same code viewer on a browser form.  Left Click one member in the Class Explorer, then Right Click another member, instead of selecting from the Pop-Up Menu, just Left Click the node avoiding the menu altogether.
Filter the Project Search results by selecting an item in the Project Tree: Top Item = No Filter, Group Item = Filter by Group Type, Source Code File = Filter by File.
See the Name, Type and Return Type of an API in the Class Explorer and its Library, Alias and Parameters as separate child nodes.
Copy an API Signature: select the name of an API in the Class Explorer, right click to access its Pop-Up Menu and select Copy Signature; the declaration will be copied to the Clipboard.
Open Multiple Child Windows to view a Project.
View an entire Project in a Single Window.
Listen to and Download any of my Acoustic Guitar Tunes :-) @ http://www.myspace.com/dave_e_c : select Tools \ Options, General Tab, click the ' And now for something completely different ' link.
Hear some really nice finger style, acoustic, steel string, guitar tunes @ http://www.myspace.com/dave_e_c : select Tools \ Options, General Tab, click the ' And now for something completely different ' link.
Hide the browser form's Toolbar and Project Explorer when they are opened as child windows of a project: select Tools \ Options, General tab, check ' Use Child Windows ' and check Hide Project Explorer... and Hide Toolbar ...
Double-Click a Project Reference or Component to load it into the Mini Reference Viewer: select a Reference or Component in a Project Explorer on a browser form and double-click it.
Filter the Member Types in the Mini Reference Viewer:  All Types = No Filter, Constants = Filter on Source Constants such as Enumerator Members, CoClasses = Filter on exposed Classes and Events = Filter on Events.
Drag a DLL or OCX file from a Windows Explorer onto the Reference Text Box to view its Type Library Members.
Show or Hide (hidden) Attributes in Source Code Files:
View a Method or Member's Descriptive Attribute in the Info Pane immediately above the Code Viewer.
The Info Pane provides a path describing the current project, source file, member name, member type and member return value type.
Save all Text Reports to RTF or HTML: run the report then click the ' Save to RTF / HTML ' button on the Toolbar of the browser form.
Open a Project Source file selected in the Project Explorer, on the Browser Form, by Double-Clicking it's name in the Status Bar.
Get a simple HTML document describing source files and their members, including parameter list: Project Explorer, Pop-Up Menu \ Members \ HTML Member Pages
Scan Folders for PSC Read Me Files with Title, Description and Internet Link and then see any associated VBPs found in a file's folder.
See a Rolodex List of all the Subs, Functions and Properties found in a project: Project Explorer, Pop-Up Menu \ Members \ Methods
